Mengzhu
It's my fault for being useless
Let you, the richest daughter of Sea City
Suffer with me
It doesn't matter, fish.
As long as I can be with you
I am willing to eat any hardship
Mengzhu, I will definitely make you happy
It's this kid who refuses to pay the management fee
Yo, it turned out to be a coward Li Yuyang
How dare you not pay the management fee?
Yo, Brother Huang Mao, do you know this trash?
Of course I do.
This is my old classmate
There was a stall at home.
Mom can't even afford to eat
Every day, I rely on turning over the trash can to pick up bottles and mix steamed buns to eat
It was the biggest joke in my school at the time
Hahahaha agree
What a waste
What do you want?
Of course blind
charge management fee
You made this embroidery hoop yourself.
Why do you charge the management fee?
Do you hear me?
This coward asked me why I charge management fees
Tell him with your fists what we deserve
Little brat with this